and with that we have our completed
awards show menu and just in time
because it looks like the pre-show is
just ending so let's go over what we've
got here we started with our phyllo
tartlets with the ricotta and sun-dried
tomato and feta and goat cheese inside
really really delicious then we did our
puff pastry cheese straws which you see
how it sort of draws your eye up you've
got very short small bites of the little
smoked salmon canapes which is a nice
contrast in height to the puff pastry
cheese straws arranged in this voss just
with some decorative rocks in the bottom
and then of course we go to the smoked
salmon canopy with some Kemp fish which
is very creamy and then the the
saltiness of the of the fish and the
nice nutty flavor and texture of the
this so called the European bread which
you can then take a little lemon juice
too and then we finish with our freakos
our parmesan crackers with mosh fat baby
lettuce and served in an alternate way
in the martini glass with just the same
Parmesan crisp but not in the in the
Arctic or Matt so just another guideline
to keep in mind how do you know how many
appetizers to make for your party if
it's not during a meal time you want to
have at least 2 to 3 kinds of appetizers
so in this case we've you know we've got
the fort but at least 2 to 3 kinds and
Bank on to minimum per person for your
party if it is in place of a meal
however you want to have bank on 5 to 7
different appetizers and again 2 to 3
per person so I'm Marriott herington
with expert village and I hope you enjoy
your award show party